sfcasts/intro.md, before:

# Introduction

Hey friends! Welcome back to episode *two* of our Design Patterns series! In this episode,
we'll continue our journey of building the *greatest* command-line RPG game *ever*!
To do that, we'll apply not *one*, not *two*, but *five* new design patterns.

We'll learn three new *behavioral* patterns: *Command*, *Chain of Responsibility*,
and *State*. These patterns help organize code into separate classes that
can then interact with each other.

We'll also learn about the *Factory* pattern, which is a *creational* pattern.
This type of pattern is all about helping instantiate objects, just like the
*builder* pattern in episode one. And, as a bonus, we'll cover one of my
favorites - the *NullObject* pattern.

For more information about design patterns types, check out the first chapter of episode one.

## Reminder About Design Patterns

Before we dive in, let's recap what design patterns are and what we've covered so far.

In a nutshell, design patterns are *battle-tested* solutions to software design problems.
When you *encounter* a problem, you can look at the
design patterns [catalog](https://java-design-patterns.com/patterns/) and find the
ideal pattern for your use case. And *remember*, you can always modify the
pattern in a way that will best fit your application.

In episode one, we covered five design patterns: *Strategy*, *Builder*,
*Observer*, *PubSub*, and *Decorator*. We're still using those patterns in our
game, but you don't need to understand them to follow this tutorial.

## Project Setup

Okay, let's do this! I *highly* recommend that you download the course code from
this page and code along with me. The code base has changed quite a bit since
episode one, so if you're using the code from *that* tutorial, make sure to
download this new version. After you unzip it, you'll find a `start/` directory
with the same code you see here. The `README.md` file has all of the setup
details you'll need.

This one is as easy as it gets. Run

```terminal
composer install
```

and, to *play* the game, run:

```terminal
php bin/console app:game:play
```

We have a few characters to choose from. I'll be a fighter. And... *sweet*!
We won! There were four rounds of fighting, we did 79 points of damage, *received*
0, and earned 30 XP points! *Nice*. And up here, you can see how the fight
developed. This is exciting!

So... how does this work? Open `GameCommand.php`. This is a Symfony command that
sets things up, initializes this global `$printer` object, which is very
convenient for printing information wherever we need it, and then it asks us
which character we want to be. Below, it starts the battle by calling `play()`
on the `GameApplication` property, prints the results, and allows us to keep
playing.

*So*, this isn't super fancy. All the heavy lifting happens in the `play()`
method of `GameApplication`. If you hold "CMD" + "B" to go to the definition, we
can see that this method takes two character objects - the *player*, which is
*us*, and the AI - and it makes them attack each other until one of them wins.

If we explore this class a bit more, we'll find a few places where we've already
applied some design patterns. If you search for the `createCharacter()` method,
you can see how we used the *Builder* pattern to create and configure character
objects. And, *way* down here, we're using the *Observer* pattern, adding or
removing observers, and notifying them after the fight is finished.

All right! It's time to learn about the *Command* pattern and make our game more
interactive. That's *next*.

Commit message:

add code blocks to intro.md

sfcasts/intro.md, after:

# Introduction

Hey friends! Welcome back to episode *two* of our Design Patterns series! In this episode,
we'll continue our journey of building the *greatest* command-line RPG game *ever*!
To do that, we'll apply not *one*, not *two*, but *five* new design patterns.

We'll learn three new *behavioral* patterns: *Command*, *Chain of Responsibility*,
and *State*. These patterns help organize code into separate classes that
can then interact with each other.

We'll also learn about the *Factory* pattern, which is a *creational* pattern.
This type of pattern is all about helping instantiate objects, just like the
*builder* pattern in episode one. And, as a bonus, we'll cover one of my
favorites - the *NullObject* pattern.

For more information about design patterns types, check out the first chapter of episode one.

## Reminder About Design Patterns

Before we dive in, let's recap what design patterns are and what we've covered so far.

In a nutshell, design patterns are *battle-tested* solutions to software design problems.
When you *encounter* a problem, you can look at the
design patterns [catalog](https://java-design-patterns.com/patterns/) and find the
ideal pattern for your use case. And *remember*, you can always modify the
pattern in a way that will best fit your application.

In episode one, we covered five design patterns: *Strategy*, *Builder*,
*Observer*, *PubSub*, and *Decorator*. We're still using those patterns in our
game, but you don't need to understand them to follow this tutorial.

## Project Setup

Okay, let's do this! I *highly* recommend that you download the course code from
this page and code along with me. The code base has changed quite a bit since
episode one, so if you're using the code from *that* tutorial, make sure to
download this new version. After you unzip it, you'll find a `start/` directory
with the same code you see here. The `README.md` file has all of the setup
details you'll need.

This one is as easy as it gets. Run

```terminal
composer install
```

and, to *play* the game, run:

```terminal
php bin/console app:game:play
```

We have a few characters to choose from. I'll be a fighter. And... *sweet*!
We won! There were four rounds of fighting, we did 79 points of damage, *received*
0, and earned 30 XP points! *Nice*. And up here, you can see how the fight
developed. This is exciting!

So... how does this work? Open `GameCommand.php`. This is a Symfony command that
sets things up, initializes this global `$printer` object, which is very
convenient for printing information wherever we need it, and then it asks us
which character we want to be. 

[[[ code('7d8341bfb2') ]]]

Below, it starts the battle by calling `play()`on the `GameApplication` property,
prints the results, and allows us to keep playing.

[[[ code('fc81858298') ]]]

*So*, this isn't super fancy. All the heavy lifting happens in the `play()`
method of `GameApplication`. If you hold "CMD" + "B" to go to the definition, we
can see that this method takes two character objects - the *player*, which is
*us*, and the AI - and it makes them attack each other until one of them wins.

[[[ code('98e8471a98') ]]]

If we explore this class a bit more, we'll find a few places where we've already
applied some design patterns. If you search for the `createCharacter()` method,
you can see how we used the *Builder* pattern to create and configure character
objects. 

[[[ code('db964ebbb5') ]]]

And, *way* down here, we're using the *Observer* pattern, adding or removing observers,
and notifying them after the fight is finished.

[[[ code('01fb44ac6b') ]]]

All right! It's time to learn about the *Command* pattern and make our game more
interactive. That's *next*.
